MNT: Simplify PR template (#32100)
matplotlib/matplotlib: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

> <!-- Thank you for your PR! Please check our development guide https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/index.html -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Thank you for your PR! Please check that your PR complies with our development guide https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/index.html -->
```

Author: Changed to "Please follow" instead of "Please check"

I try very hard to keep this in one line. Compare:

<img width="829" height="105" alt="grafik" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bf15bedc-188c-4ed7-9734-85b8a7950c3c" />

## PR summary

> <!-- Please describe what problem is solved and why you chose this solution. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Please describe what issue is resolved and why you chose this solution. -->
```

If they are solving an issue then hopefully it's a prompt to link that issue, and means the same thing even if there's no underlying issue.

<!-- Thank you for your PR! Please check our development guide https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/index.html -->

## PR summary
<!-- Please describe the pull request, using the questions below as guidance, and link to any relevant issues and PRs:
<!-- Please describe what problem is solved and why you chose this solution. -->

- Why is this change necessary?
- What problem does it solve?

> - What is the reasoning for this implementation?

Reviewer: can this language maybe get moved to https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/contribute.html#first-contributions b/c that's what it was aimed for

Author: Uh, oh that section has a verbatim copy of the PR template - will also need and upate, but not today anymore.

Reviewer: > Uh, oh that section has a verbatim copy of the PR template - will also need and upate, but not today anymore.

That dropdown is an include to this file specifically so that they're always in sync:

https://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/blob/102a1d234363cb9a87fad0538491488acc3b9622/doc/devel/contribute.rst?plain=1#L328-L332

Author: I have no strong opinions on this other than that it's too detailed for the PR template. Would you be ok with making a PR with your wording on that topic, or create an issue and assign it to me? I don't what to have the bikeshedding of the first-contribution changes in this PR.

> <!-- Make sure to conform with the project standards. Please check the following box! -->

Reviewer: I don' t think this needs the free text explanation of the checkbox
```suggestion
```

Author: Without explanation and with the shorted checkbox text, will users still understand that they should tick the box?

Reviewer: I think the folks who aren't checking just aren't checking, but you can also make it sound like an attestation?

``` markdown
- [ ] I affirm that this PR complies with [matplotlib pull request guidelines](https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/pr_guide.html#pull-request-guidelines)
```

Reviewer 2: I think if there are checkboxes with no explanation, it can be ambiguous whether the author or the reviewer is supposed to mark them off.

Reviewer: ```markdown
- [ ] My PR complies with [matplotlib pull request guidelines](https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/pr_guide.html#pull-request-guidelines)
```

Reviewer: Or going more formal but nothing gets stashed in a comment: 

```markdown
- [ ] I, the author of this PR, affirm that my PR complies with [matplotlib pull request guidelines](https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/pr_guide.html#pull-request-guidelines)
```

> - [ ] I am aware of and have followed the [matplotlib pull request guidelines](https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/pr_guide.html#pull-request-guidelines)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] this PR complies with [matplotlib pull request guidelines](https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/pr_guide.html#pull-request-guidelines)
```

<!-- Thank you for your PR! Please check our development guide https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/index.html -->

## PR summary

> <!-- Please describe what issue is resolved and why you chose this solution. -->

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<!--
Please describe what problem this resolves and why you chose this solution. 
Write "Closes #00000" if this fixes [an existing issue](https://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/issues).
-->
```
I think this should remain either here or in the checklist.

Reviewer: I suggested we use issue instead of problem b/c they're close enough synonyms but Issue contains the link back to issues.

Reviewer 3: Not sure if you meant a hyperlink or mental link, but yeah I agree "issue" linking to the issues page is enough of a nudge

## AI Disclosure

> <!-- Please describe if and how AI is used. See also our AI policy: https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/contribute.html#use-of-generative-ai -->

Reviewer 3: Either here or in the AI policy I'd like to add a line about not having AI write or clean up / polish PR descriptions or comments

Author: Covered by extending the PR summary instructions:

> Describe what issue is resolved and why you chose this solution in your own words (no AI please).

## PR quality check
<!--
Make sure to conform with the project standards: https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/pr_guide.html#pull-request-guidelines 

> Please check the following box!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please check the relevant boxes below!
```
?

Additionally, please summarize the changes in the title, for example "Raise ValueError on
non-numeric input to set_xlim" and avoid non-descriptive titles such as "Addresses
issue #8576".
## AI Disclosure
<!-- Please describe if and how AI is used. See also our AI policy: https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/contribute.html#use-of-generative-ai -->

If possible, please provide a minimum self-contained example.
-->

## AI Disclosure
<!-- Please tell us whether you used AI in writing this PR, and if so briefly describe how.
Read our policy at
https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/contribute.html#use-of-generative-ai
## PR quality check
<!--
Make sure to conform with the project standards: https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/pr_guide.html#pull-request-guidelines 
Please check the following box!
-->

## PR checklist

> <!-- Please mark any checkboxes that do not apply to this PR as [N/A].-->

Reviewer 3: I think checkboxes without some direction on what to do when they don't apply is confusing.

> - [ ] "closes #0000" is in the body of the PR description to [link the related issue](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue)

Reviewer 3: Would prefer to keep this.

> - [ ] new and changed code is [tested](https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/testing.html)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] New and changed code is [tested](https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/testing.html)
```

> - [ ] *New Features* and *API Changes* are noted with a [directive and release note](https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/api_changes.html#announce-changes-deprecations-and-new-features)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [ ] *New Features* and *API Changes* have [release notes](https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/api_changes.html#announce-changes-deprecations-and-new-features)
```

<!-- Thank you for your contribution! -->
<!-- 👉 Please check our development guide https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/index.html -->
<!-- 👉 Tips for pull requests: https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/pr_guide.html#pull-request-guidelines -->

## PR summary
<!-- ✍️ Describe what issue is resolved and why you chose this solution in your own words (no AI please). -->
<!-- 👉 Tip: Use "Closes #0000" to link the related issue -->

## AI Disclosure
<!-- ✍️ Describe if and how AI is used. See https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/devel/contribute.html#use-of-generative-ai -->

## PR quality check

> <!-- ✍️ Please check the relevant boxes below: "x" to indicate compleation, "N/A" if the item is not applicable -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- ✍️ Please check the relevant boxes below: "x" to indicate completion, "N/A" if the item is not applicable -->
```
